{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red155\green0\blue211;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
\b Q1: Which actions must be taken in order to connect a NetApp FCoE storage system to a Cisco UCS system?\par
\b0\par
\b A. Ensure that the Fibre Channel switching mode is set to Switching, and use the Fibre Channel ports on the Fabric Interconnects.\par
\cf1 B. Ensure that the Fibre Channel switching mode is set to Switching, and reconfigure the port to a FCoE Storage port.\par
\cf0\b0 C. Ensure that the Fibre Channel switching mode is set to End-Host, and use the Ethernet ports on the Fabric interconnects.\par
D. Ensure that the Fibre Channel switching mode is set to Switching, and use the Ethernet ports on the Fabric Interconnects.\par
\par
Q2: Which two protocols are accepted by the Cisco UCS Manager XML API? (Choose two.)\par
\par
\b A. SMASH\par
\cf1 B. HTTPS\par
C. HTTP\par
\cf0\b0 D. XMTP\par
\b E. SNMP\par
\par
{\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INtEpEnXLUo }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INtEpEnXLUo\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
- Communicates over HTTP/HTTPS\par
\par
Q3: An Cisco UCS Administrator is planning to complete a firmware upgrade using Auto install. Which two options are prerequisites to run Auto Install? (Choose two.)\par
\par
A. minor fault fixing (major, not minor)\par
\b B. configuration backup\par
\b0 C. service profiles unmounted from the blade servers\par
D. time synchronization\par
\b E. fault suppression started on the blade servers (or turn off Call Home)\b0\par
\par
Q4: Which two prerequisites are required to configure a SAN boot from the FCoE storage of a Cisco UCS system? (Choose two.)\par
\par
A. The Cisco UCS domain must be able to communicate with the SAN storage device that hosts the operating system image.\par
B. A boot policy must be created that contains a local disk, and the LVM must be configured correctly.\par
\b C. There must be iVR-enabled FCoE proxying between the Cisco UCS domain and the SAN storage device that hosts the operating system image.\par
D. There must be a boot target LUN on the device where the operating system image is located.\par
\b0 E. There must be a boot target RAID on the device where the operating system image is located.\par
\par
Q5: You need to configure service profiles for a Cisco UCS system. What is an advantage of using the Expert wizard to create the service profiles instead of using the Simple wizard?\par
\par
A. Only the Expert wizard supports Fabric Interconnect expansion module ports to be used in 10-Gigabit uplink mode or Fibre Channel mode.\par
\b B. Both wizards support the same features, but the Expert wizard provides no configuration options for the features.\par
\b0 C. The Expert wizard supports stateless computing and mobile service profiles.\par
D. The Expert wizard supports all blade generations, whereas the Simple wizard supports only M1 blades, M2 blades, and Cisco VIC cards.\par
\par
Q6: You have a Cisco UCS system. You need to create VSAN 100 on a Cisco Nexus Series switch and to enable switch port fc 1/10 as a member for the VLAN. \par
Which command set should you use?\par
\par
A. SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A# vsan database\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (vsan-db)# vsan 100 interface fc 1/10\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (vsan-db)# vsan database commit\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (vsan-db)# exit\par
B. SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A# configure terminal\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (config)# vsan database\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (config-vsan-db)# vsan 100 interface fc 1/10\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (config-vsan-db)# exit\par
\b C. SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A# configure terminal\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (config)# vsan database\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (config-vsan-db)# vsan 100 interface fc 1/10\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (config-vsan-db)# vsan database commit\par
\b0 D. SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A# configure terminal\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (config)# vsan database\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (config-vsan-db)# vsan 100 interface fc 1/10\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (config-vsan-db)# vsan database commit\par
SITE-A-MDS-Fabric-A (config-vsan-db)# exit\par
\par
Q7: You need to implement a Cisco UCS system at a customer site.\par
Which adapters and operating systems have preprovisioned adapter policies?\par
\par
A. Ethernet vNICs and Windows. OS X Server, and Oracle Solaris operating systems\par
B. Fibre Channel vNICs and Windows, FreeBSD, and Linux operating systems\par
C. Ethernet vNICs and Windows, VMware, and Linux operating systems\par
\b D. Fibre Channel vNICs and Windows, Oracle Solaris, and Linux operating systems\par
\b0\par
Q8: You need to automate the management of servers, networks, and storage on a Cisco UCS system, by using PowerShell. Which tool should you use?\par
\par
A. Cisco UCS Platform Emulator\par
B. Cisco UCS Python SDK\par
C. Cisco UCS Automation Tool\par
\b D. Cisco UCS PowerTool Suite\par
\b0\par
Q9: Refer to the exhibit. Which type of FCoE topology is displayed?\par
(Need Diagram)\par
\par
A. direct-attach (if no FCoE Pass-Through)\b\par
B. remote-attach (if FCoE Pass-Through shown in diagram)\par
\b0 C. vPC\par
D. FCoE with Cisco 2232 Fabric Extenders\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/switches/nexus-7000-series-switches/white_paper_c11-560403.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/switches/nexus-7000-series-switches/white_paper_c11-560403.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Q10: You need to identify which DCB standard provides those functionalities negotiation capabilities for features, the distribution of parameters from one node to another, and logical link up and down signaling for both Ethernet and fibre Channel interfaces. Which DCB standard should you identity?\par
\par
A. ETS\par
B. PFC\par
\cf1\b C. DCBX\par
\cf0\b0 D. QCN\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/solutions/collateral/data-center-virtualization/ieee-802-1-data-center-bridging/at_a_glance_c45-460907.pdf }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/solutions/collateral/data-center-virtualization/ieee-802-1-data-center-bridging/at_a_glance_c45-460907.pdf\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/products/collateral/storage-networking/mds-9700-series-multilayer-directors/guide-c07-733622.pdf }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/products/collateral/storage-networking/mds-9700-series-multilayer-directors/guide-c07-733622.pdf\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Q11: You are configuring service profiles for a Cisco UCS system. What are three types of logical resource pools? (Choose three.)\par
\par
\b A. UUID\par
B. MAC\par
\b0 C. VLAN\par
\b D. WWN\par
\b0 E. VXLAN\par
F. FC\par
\par
Q12: In order to manually boot from the FlexFlash SD card, which boot option must be in the boot policy used in the service profile?\par
\par
A. FlexFlash state\par
B. remote virtual drive\par
C. remote boot\par
\b D. SD card (or local disk)\par
\b0\par
Q13: Before upgrading a Cisco UCS Cluster, you need to verify the High Availability status and roles of the Cluster. In which scenario can you successfully perform the upgrade?\par
-\par
\cf1\b Ans: When you check the Cisco UCS Mgr GUI, the Ready field value is Yes and the State field value is Up. When you check the Cisco UCS Mgr CLI, the Primary and Secondary Interconnect state are both UP and the Cluster state is HA READY. \par
\cf0\b0\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_01010.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_01010.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
- If link doesn't work, Reference: UCSM GUI Config Guide 2.0  > Sys Config > Managing Firmware.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ts/guide/UCSTroubleshooting/UCSTroubleshooting_chapter_0100.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ts/guide/UCSTroubleshooting/UCSTroubleshooting_chapter_0100.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
- UCS TShooting Guide\par
\par
Q14: You need to enable Cisco UCS Manager to support out-of-band IPv4 address access to the Cisco UCS KVM Direct launch page from a web browser. What should you enable?\par
\par
A. SMASH CLP\par
B. CIM XML\par
C. SNMP\par
\cf1\b D. CIMC Web Service\par
\par
{\cf0\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-manager/GUI-User-Guides/Admin-Management/3-1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1_chapter_0110.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-manager/GUI-User-Guides/Admin-Management/3-1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1_chapter_0110.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf0\b0\f0\fs22\par
-Cisco UCS Manager supports out-of-band IPv4 address access to the Cisco UCS KVM Direct launch page from a web browser. To provide this access, you must enable the following service:\par
CIMC Web Service\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/3-0/b_UCSM_GUI_User_Guide_3_0/b_UCSM_GUI_User_Guide_3_0_chapter_0100111.pdf }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/3-0/b_UCSM_GUI_User_Guide_3_0/b_UCSM_GUI_User_Guide_3_0_chapter_0100111.pdf\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Q15: You plan to configure a Fibre Channel port channel on a Cisco UCS system. \par
What is the maximum number of port channels and ports per port channel on a Cisco UCS 6200 Series device?\par
\par
A. four Fibre Channel port channels and 24 Fibre Channel ports per port channel\par
B. eight Fibre Channel port channels and 24 Fibre Channel ports per port channel\par
C. eight Fibre Channel port channels and 16 Fibre Channel ports per port channel\par
\cf1\b D. four Fibre Channel port channels and 16 Fibre Channel ports per port channel\par
\par
{\cf0\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/configuration_limits/2-0/b_UCS_Configuration_Limits_2_0.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/configuration_limits/2-0/b_UCS_Configuration_Limits_2_0.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
{\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-manager/Reference-Docs/Configuration-Limits/3-1/b_UCS_Configuration_Limits_3_1.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-manager/Reference-Docs/Configuration-Limits/3-1/b_UCS_Configuration_Limits_3_1.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\cf0 Q16: Which set of statements about the deployment options for Cisco UCS Central Software is true?\par
\par
A. Cisco UCS Central Software can be installed in a physical or a hypervisor environment. Only VMware and KVM hypervisor environments are supported.\par
B. Cisco UCS Central Software can be installed in a physical or a hypervisor environment VMware. Microsoft Hyper-V, and KVM hypervisor environments are supported.\par
C. Cisco UCS Central Software can be installed only in a physical environment, due to extreme I/O and networking needs.\par
\cf1\b D. Cisco UCS Central Software can be installed only in a VMware and Microsoft Hyper-V virtual environment.\par
\cf0\b0\par
Q17: You need to configure storage switch-based Fibre Channel zoning in a Cisco UCS system. The zoning must be configured in VSAN 100 What Should you do?\par
\par
\b A. Disable zoning on VSAN 100 in Cisco UCS Manager. Configure zoning on the upstream SAN switch on VSAN 100.\par
\b0 B. Disable zoning on VSAN 100 in Cisco UCS Manager. Set Cisco UCS Manager to interoperability mode Create VSAN 100 in Cisco UCS Manager. Configure zoning on the upstream third-party SAN switch.\par
C. Register the SAN switch manually in Cisco UCS Manager. Enable switch-based zoning on VSAN 100 in Cisco UCS Manager.\par
D. Discover the SAN switch in Cisco UCS Manager. Enable inherited zoning on VSAN 100 in Cisco UCS Manager.\par
\par
Q18: To boot from SAN, you must perform which two configurations on a Cisco UCS system? (Choose two.)\par
\par
A. Enter the boot LUN and the nWWNs.\par
B. Put the boot VSAN in a dedicated boot service profile template.\par
\cf1\b C. Create a LUN, and allow the server WWPN to have access to the LUN.\par
D. Put the server WWPN and the storage array WWPN in the same zone.\par
\cf0\b0 E. Create a dedicated boot VSAN.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://jeffsaidso.com/2010/11/boot-from-san-101-with-cisco-ucs/ }}{\fldrslt{http://jeffsaidso.com/2010/11/boot-from-san-101-with-cisco-ucs/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Q19: You need to provision iSCSI initiator IP pools on a Cisco UCS system. How many iSCSI vNICs can you use per boot policy?\par
\par
A. 2\par
B. 4\par
C. 6\par
\b D. 8\par
\par
\b0 Q20: You need to install a Windows Server operating system that has MPIO enabled, to optimize connectivity with storage arrays. What is a valid prerequisite to perform this task?\par
\par
A. iSCSI multipathing must be enabled on all of the vNICs and the physical adapters in the iSCSI initiator IP pools.\par
B. iSCSl multipathing must be disabled during the installation and re-enabled after MPIO is enabled on the host.\par
\b C. If there are multiple paths that are configured to the boot LUN. all of these paths must be enabled when the LUN is installed.\par
\b0 D. If there are multiple paths that are configured to the boot LUN, only one path must be enabled when the LUN is installed.\par
\par
Q21: You configure FCoE in a Cisco UCS system at a customer site. The configuration seems correct, but the customer complains that the system fails to perform as expected FCoE VLAN discovery. FCF discovery and FLOGI processes work property. The issue appears to be with the Fibre Channel commands and responses. What is a possible cause of the issue?\par
\par
A. The storage device is experiencing configuration or compatibility issues when the FIP process completes successfully.\par
\b B. The routed Layer 3 network between the FCoE SAN and the storage device is experiencing issues when the FIP process fails to complete successfully.\par
\b0 C. The FCoE configuration is experiencing errors because of issues with the Fibre Channel commands.\par
D. The switched Layer 2 network between the FCoE SAW and the storage device is experiencing issues when the FIP process fads to complete successfully.\par
\par
Q22: Which cisco UCS blade server supports the highest I/O throughput?\par
\par
\b A. Cisco UCS B420 M3 Blade Server = 160G\par
\b0 B. Cisco UCS B200 M3 Blade Server = \b 40 to 80G\b0\par
C. Cisco UCS B22 M3 Blade Server = \b 40 to 80G\b0\par
D. Cisco UCS B200 M4 Blade Server = \b 40 to 80G\b0\par
\par
B420 M4 = 160G I/O BW\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/servers-unified-computing/ucs-b-series-blade-servers/data_sheet_c78-706100.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/servers-unified-computing/ucs-b-series-blade-servers/data_sheet_c78-706100.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/servers-unified-computing/ucs-b-series-blade-servers/data_sheet_c78-706603.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/servers-unified-computing/ucs-b-series-blade-servers/data_sheet_c78-706603.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://apps.cisco.com/ccw/cpc/guest/content/ucsModelDetails/model_b200m4 }}{\fldrslt{https://apps.cisco.com/ccw/cpc/guest/content/ucsModelDetails/model_b200m4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/servers-unified-computing/ucs-b200-m4-blade-server/datasheet-c78-732434.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/servers-unified-computing/ucs-b200-m4-blade-server/datasheet-c78-732434.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
Q23: Which description of an import operation in Cisco UCS Manager is true?\par
\par
\b A. You can perform an import while the system is up and running.\b0\par
B. You can import only a configuration file that was exported from the same Cisco UCS Manager.\par
C. You can import a configuration from a higher release to a lower release.\par
D. You can schedule an import operation.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-manager/GUI-User-Guides/Admin-Management/3-1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1_chapter_01001.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-manager/GUI-User-Guides/Admin-Management/3-1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1_chapter_01001.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Q24: \b Which two features in Cisco UCS Mgr are required to configure \cf1 Uplink Ethernet ports\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
\cf1\b0 A. vNIC templates\cf0\par
\cf1 B. LAN Pin Groups\par
\cf0\b F. VLAN Groups\cf1\par
\cf0\b0 D. adapter policies\par
E. link profiles\par
\par

\pard Q25: You need to design and implement a Cisco UCS 5108 Blade Server Chassis system for a customer.\par
Which statement about how half-width blades and full-width blades can be used is true?\par
A. Only two full-width blades can be installed in the top two slots, and four half-width blades can be\par
installed in the bottom two slots.\par
B. Only one full-width blade can be installed in the top slot, and six half-width blades can he Installed\par
in the bottom slots.\par
\b C. Half-width blades and full-width blades can be combined in any order.\par
\b0 D. Half-width blade types and full-width blade types cannot be combined.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/products/collateral/servers-unified-computing/ucs-b-series-blade-servers/spec_sheet_c17-644224.pdf }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/products/collateral/servers-unified-computing/ucs-b-series-blade-servers/spec_sheet_c17-644224.pdf\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Q26: You need to confgure a new Fibre Channel port channel from the Cisco UCS Manager GUI. To do this,\par
from the SAN tab, you navigate to SAN Cloud > Fabric A or B > FC Port Channels, and you click the\par
plus sign. In the popup window, you specify the Fibre Channel port channel name and ID. Which two\par
rules should you follow when you set the Fibre Channel port channel name and ID? (Choose two.)\par
A. The Name field must be a number.\par
B. The ID field can contain ASCII characters, except for spaces.\par
\b C. The Name field is optional, but it cannot contain spaces.\par
\b0 D. The Fibre Channel port channel ID is optional.\par
\b E. The Fibre Channel port channel ID must be a number.\par
\b0\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_0101.html#concept_27BF341DAC6441EDB93F363AA6284E23 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_0101.html#concept_27BF341DAC6441EDB93F363AA6284E23\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/cli/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_CLI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_CLI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_0101.pdf }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/cli/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_CLI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_CLI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_0101.pdf\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Q27: At a customer site, a Cisco UCS cluster must be renamed due to a domain name change. You need to recommend a solution to ensure that Cisco UCS Manager can be accessed over HTTPS. Which solution accomplishes this goal?\par
A. The cluster must be reinstalled, in order to generate the default key ring certificate.\par
B. A default key ring certificate regeneration request must be issued from Cisco UCS Manager.\par
C. The default key ring certificate must be renewed automatically when the name changes.\par
\b D. The default key ring certificate must be regenerated manually.\par
\b0\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://vstrong.info/2012/12/05/how-to-regenerate-expired-ucs-manager-certificate/ }}{\fldrslt{http://vstrong.info/2012/12/05/how-to-regenerate-expired-ucs-manager-certificate/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-manager/GUI-User-Guides/Admin-Management/3-1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1_chapter_0110.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-manager/GUI-User-Guides/Admin-Management/3-1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1/b_Cisco_UCS_Admin_Mgmt_Guide_3_1_chapter_0110.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
Q28: You need to install Cisco UCS Central Software at a customer site and set it up to manage Cisco UCS\par
Manager. What should you do to accomplish this goal?\par
\b A. Register the Cisco UCS domains on Cisco UCS Central Software.\par
\b0 B. Register the same Cisco UCS equipment that is managed by Cisco UCS Manager, and Cisco UCS Manager itself, on Cisco UCS Central Software.\par
C. Register Cisco UCS Manager on Cisco UCS Central Software.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1 D. Register Cisco UCS Central Software on Cisco UCS Manager.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-central/deployment-guide/1-0/b_UCSC_Deployment_Guide_10/b_UCSC_Deployment_Guide_10_chapter_01.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-central/deployment-guide/1-0/b_UCSC_Deployment_Guide_10/b_UCSC_Deployment_Guide_10_chapter_01.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
Other Links:\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/servers-unified-computing/ucs-manager/whitepaper_c11-697337.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/servers-unified-computing/ucs-manager/whitepaper_c11-697337.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
- General UCS overview, Automation\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 