{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red155\green0\blue211;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_0101.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_0101.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-2/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_2/configuring_ports_and_port_channels.html?bookSearch=true#concept_EBA4291165434774AB50F91C74633538 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-2/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_2/configuring_ports_and_port_channels.html?bookSearch=true#concept_EBA4291165434774AB50F91C74633538\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
By default, Ethernet ports are unconfigured. \par
By default, unified ports changed to Ethernet port mode are set to the Ethernet uplink port type. \par
\b\par
\b0 By default, Fibre Channel ports are uplink.\par
You can only configure uplink Fibre Channel ports on an expansion module. The fixed module does not include uplink Fibre Channel ports.\par
Unified ports changed to Fibre Channel port mode are set to the Fibre Channel Uplink port type. You cannot unconfigure Fibre Channel ports.\par
\par
#scope server 1/5\par
  #show adapter detail\par
\par
------------------------\par
\b exam-labs.com Q's\par
------------------------\par
\b0 1 - Call Home\par
Which two items represent the features of \cf2 Call Home \cf0 on the Cisco Unified Computing\par
System? (Choose two.)\par
A. syslog\par
\cf2 B. send fault details to Cisco TAC\par
\cf0 C. SNMP trap receiver\par
\cf2 D. send email alerts to administrators\par
\cf0 E. central repository of normalized fault data\par
\par
64 - Call Home\par
Which two statements about \cf2 Call Home \cf0 are true? (Choose two.)\par
A. The virtual IP address of the Cisco UCS Manager in a cluster is the source of the email.\par
B. In a cluster configuration, at least one fabric interconnect must have IP connectivity.\par
\cf2 C. The fabric interconnect must have IP connectivity to email server or the destination HTTP server\par
D. At least one destination profile must be configured.\par
\cf0 E. Call Home requires SCP to transfer the files securely.\par
\par
78 - Call Home\par
Which three items represent message formats that are available to send fault data using\par
Cisco \cf2 Call Home\cf0 ? (Choose three.)\par
\cf2 A. short text\par
B. long text\par
\cf0 C. HTML\par
D. SOAP API\par
\cf2 E. XML\par
\cf0 F. Java\par
\par
106 - Call Home\par
Which two descriptions of the \cf2 Call Home \cf0 feature on a Cisco UCS server are true? (Choose\par
two.)\par
A. uses Java to generate predefined reports\par
\cf2 B. provides an email-based notification for critical system policies\par
\cf0 C. provides all the information to administrators, who can open a case with one click\par
\cf2 D. delivers alerts to multiple recipients, including Cisco TAC, and generates a case by using Cisco TAC\par
\cf0 E. provides a central repository for storing fault data\par
\par
141 - Call Home\par
Which item represents a secure method of transmitting fault data with Cisco \cf2 Call Home\cf0 ?\par
A. IPsec\par
B. SSL email\par
C. secure XML\par
\cf2 D. Cisco Transport Gateway\par
\cf0 E. RSA Digital Certificate\par
\par
9 - Policy\par
The Cisco UCS administrator has the chassis discovery policy set to "2-link". The\par
administrator connects a new chassis to the Cisco UCS \cf2 6200 Series Fabric Interconnects\cf0\par
using four links. Which option about link utilization is true?\par
\cf2 A. The Cisco UCS will use two links until the chassis is reacknowledged, after which it will use all four links.\par
\cf0 B. The Cisco UCS will use all four links for discovery.\par
C. The Cisco UCS will use only two links. The other two links are unusable.\par
D. The Cisco UCS will use only two links. However, the administrator can manually pin traffic to the extra links by using service profiles.\par
\par
13 - Pool\par
Which consideration must be made when utilizing a \cf2 WWxN pool\cf0 ?\par
A. Only HBA templates can use WWxN pools.\par
B. WWNN assignment must be set to derived.\par
\cf2\b C. WWPN assignment must be set to derived.\par
\cf0\b0 D. A SAN connectivity policy must be used.\par
\par
14 - Policy\par
Where would you disable or enable \cf2 Cisco Discovery Protocol\cf0 ?\par
A. LAN connectivity policy\par
B. service profile\par
\cf2 C. network control policy\par
\cf0 D. LAN uplinks manager\par
\par
22 - QoS, Jumbo, Policy\par
Which two tasks enable jumbo frames on a Cisco UCS system? (Choose two.)\par
A. In the LAN cloud on Cisco UCS Manager, configure MTU 9000 in the uplink interfaces.\par
B. (missing)\par
C. In the LAN cloud on Cisco UCS Manager, configure MTU 9000 in the VLAN.\par
\cf2 D. In the LAN cloud on Cisco UCS Manager, define a QoS system class with MTU 9000.\par
E. In the service profile, configure MTU 9000 in the vNIC.\par
\cf0 F. In the service profile, configure MTU 9000 in the virtual machine.\par
G. In the service profile, configure MTU 9000 in the uplink interfaces.\par
\par
35 - Service Profiles, Policy\par
\b Which two statements about the \cf2 maintenance policy configurations \cf0 available from the Cisco UCS Manager GUI are true? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2 A. A maintenance policy can be defined for the service profile associated to a server and for updating a service profile [template] bound to one or more service profiles.\par
\cf0\b0 B. A maintenance policy is used to configure a nondisruptive upgrade of the Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnects.\par
C. A maintenance policy can defer the direct deployment of firmware images for components that use neither the host firmware nor the management firmware packages available in the Cisco UCS Manager, such as fabric interconnects and IOMs.\par
\cf2\b D. A maintenance policy can deploy service profile changes immediately, when acknowledged by an admin user or automatically at the time specified in the schedule.\par
\cf0\b0 E. A maintenance policy can be used only to apply nondisruptive service profile changes to servers.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_01.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_01.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
(Added "template," for clarity. Cisco doc also missing this. If link doesn't work, Reference: UCSM GUI Config Guide 2.0 > Intro > Overview of C UCS.)\par
\par
39 - Policy\par
Which two items can you provision in a \cf2 vHBA Template\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2 A. Max Data Field Size\par
\cf0 B. SCSI I/O Queues\par
C. FCoE VLAN\par
D. vHBA Interrupt Mode\par
\cf2 E. Stats Threshold Policy\par
\cf0 F. FLOGI Timeout\par
\par
46 - Service Profile\par
How does a \cf2 dynamic vNIC \cf0 get allocated?\par
A. Dynamic vNICs are assigned to VMs in VMware vCenter.\par
B. Dynamic vNICs can only be bound to the service profile through an updating template.\par
\cf2 C. Dynamic vNICs are bound directly to a service profile.\par
\cf0 D. Dynamic vNICs are assigned by binding a port profile to the service profile.\par
\par
48 - Policy\par
Which two elements are defined in a \cf2 dynamic vNIC connection policy\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2 A. adapter policy\par
\cf0 B. QoS policy\par
C. network control policy\par
\cf2 D. number of dynamic vNICs\par
\cf0 E. jumbo frame size\par
\par
50 - Policy\par
Which statement about the purpose of a \cf2 storage connection policy \cf0 in Cisco UCS Manager\par
is true?\par
A. It sets a minimum baseline of requirements for when vHBAs are configured in a service profile.\par
\cf2 B. It defines how zoning is configured for initiators and targets on the fabric interconnect.\par
\cf0 C. It sets a minimum baseline of requirements for when storage devices connect to the fabric interconnects.\par
D. It defines the number of storage connections that are allowed to connect to the fabric interconnects.\par
\par
63 - Service Profile, RAID\par
\b You configure a \cf2 service profile template \cf0 from the Cisco UCS Manager GUI by using the\par
\cf2 Create Local Disk \cf0 Configuration Policy option The \cf2 No RAID local disk \cf0 policy mode is\par
selected and the \cf2 Protect Configuration \cf0 property is disabled. You create a \cf2 service profile\cf0\par
that is created from the \cf2 service profile template\cf0 . You apply the service profile to a server\par
that has an operating system installed on a \cf2 RAID-10 \cf0 volume. Which statement about the\par
server after it is associated to the \cf2 service profile \cf0 is true?\par
\b0 A. The server has RAID-0 configured on the local disk.\par
B. The server has RAID-1 configured on the local disk.\par
\cf2 C. The server has the local storage detached.???\par
\b D. The local disk of the server remains RAID-10.\par
{\cf0\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_011100.html#d129007e3868a1635 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_011100.html#d129007e3868a1635\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\cf0\par
71 - Org, Policy\par
Which three statements are a result of utilizing \cf2 org \cf0 permissions on VLANs within a \cf2 sub-org\cf0 ? (Choose three.)\par
A. VLAN IDs can be defined only once globally.\par
\cf2 B. VLAN IDs can be defined within each sub-org.\par
\cf0 C. VLAN name must match across orgs and sub-orgs.\par
\cf2 D. VLAN name can be different per sub-org.\par
E. Sub-org vNICs can utilize parent org VLANs.\par
\cf0 F. Parent org vNICs can utilize sub-org VLANs. (NO!)\par
G. Sub-org vNICs can utilize only parent org native VLANs.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-2/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_2/configuring_vlans.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-2/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_2/configuring_vlans.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
80 - QoS, Policy\par
Which three options are valid system classes for \cf2 QoS \cf0 in a Cisco UCS \cf2 blade \cf0 system?\par
(Choose three.)\par
\cf2 A. platinum\par
B. silver\par
C. best effort\par
\cf0 D. voice\par
E. high-priority\par
F. FCoE\par
G. drop eligible\par
\par
82 - Uplinks, Policy\par
Which two constructs allow for configuration of VLANs on specific \cf2 uplink ports\cf0 ? (Choose\par
two.)\par
\cf2 A. LAN pin group\par
\cf0 B. adapter policies\par
\cf2 C. vNIC templates\par
\cf0 D. VLAN manager\par
E. link profiles\par
F. VLAN groups\par
\par
85 - Policy\par
Which policy would you change to form a port channel between a Cisco UCS \cf2 6248 \cf0 and a\par
Cisco UCS \cf2 2208\cf0 ?\par
A. link aggregation policy\par
\cf2 B. chassis discovery policy\par
\cf0 C. IOM connection policy\par
D. link discovery policy\par
\par
96 - Policy\par
Which policy is used to specify how Cisco UCS Manager should proceed for configuration\par
changes that will have a service impact?\par
A. host firmware policy\par
\cf2 B. maintenance policy\par
\cf0 C. local disk policy\par
D. BIOS policy\par
\par
107 - vNIC, Policy\par
An admin wants to make sure that for \cf2 each VLAN \cf0 added to a \cf2 vNIC\cf0 , a static MAC address\par
entry is added to the fabric interconnect. Which setting within Cisco UCS Manager\par
accomplishes this task?\par
A. The MAC Register Mode in the network control policy is set to Only Native VLAN.\par
B. The MAC Register Mode in the LAN connectivity policy is set to All Host VLANs.\par
\cf2 C. The MAC Register Mode in the network control policy is set to All Host VLANs.\par
\cf0 D. The MAC Register Mode in the LAN connectivity policy is set to Only Native VLAN.\par
E. The MAC Register Mode in the link protocol policy is set to All Host VLANs.\par
F. The MAC Register Mode in the link protocol policy is set to Only Native VLAN.\par
\par
\b 113 - Policy\par
Which two descriptions of a \cf2 WWN pool \cf0 are true? (Choose two.)\par
\b0 A. a collection of WWNs for use by the iSCSI interfaces in a Cisco UCS instance\par
B. a collection of Ethernet MAC addresses assigned to the Ethernet adapters in a Cisco UCS instance\par
\cf2 C. a pool of WW port names, where WWPN is the port name assigned to the Fibre Channel port on the adapter\par
\cf0 D. a collection of management IP addresses used to connect to servers\par
\cf2 E. a pool of WW node names, where WWNN belongs to the node\par
\cf0\par
\b 120 - Policy\par
When you create a \cf2 vHBA\cf0 , what will you achieve by enabling \cf2 persistent binding\cf0 ?\par
\cf2 A. This feature allows the binding of the SCSI targets to the vHBA, even across reboots.\par
\cf0\b0 B. This feature allows the binding of the same WWPN from the pool to the vHBA, even across reboots.\par
C. This feature allows the binding of the same WWNN from the pool to the vHBA, even across reboots.\par
D. This feature allows the binding of the Fibre Channel uplink to the vHBA, even across reboots.\par
\par
\b 121 - vNIC, Policy\par
If there are \cf2 four I/O module links \cf0 from the Cisco Unified Computing System \cf2 5108 Blade\par
Chassis\cf0  to the Cisco Unified Computing System \cf2 6248UP Fabric Interconnect\cf0 , which\par
\cf2 dynamic vNICs \cf0 can be defined?\par
\b0 A. 9\par
B. 16\par
C. 24\par
D. 48\par
\cf2 E. 54\par
\cf0 F. 112\par
\par
\b 128 - Policy\par
Which two options are valid \cf2 server pool policy qualifications\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2\b0 A. server model\par
\cf0 B. description\par
C. user label\par
\cf2 D. power group\par
\cf0\par
137 - Service Profile, Policy\par
Which policy determines what happens to local disks when they are disassociated from a\par
\cf2 service profile\cf0 ?\par
A. maintenance policy\par
B. local disk policy\par
\cf2 C. scrub policy\par
\cf0 D. BIOS policy\par
\par
\b 139 - vNIC, Policy\par
Which statement about an \cf2 iSCSI vNIC \cf0 when it is created with an \cf2 overlay NIC \cf0 is true?\par
\b0 A. It can have any VLAN allowed on it.\par
B. It can be assigned a unique MAC address.\par
C. It can have a unique pin group assigned to it.\par
\cf2 D. It can have only the overlays native VLAN associated to it.\par
\cf0\par
\b 142 - Policy\par
In the Create \cf2 Dynamic vNIC Connection Policy \cf0 dialog box, there is a configurable field\par
titled \cf2 Protection\cf0 . What is the significance of the three choices for Protection?\par
\b0 A. allows reserve vNICs to be allocated out of the spares pool\par
B. enables hardware-based failover\par
C. enables static binding of the VM port profile to dynamic vNICs\par
\cf2 D. selects the primary fabric association for dynamic vNICs\par
\cf0 E. allows dynamic vNICs to be reserved for fabric failover\par
\par
\b 147 - Policy\par
Which three parameters can be configured for a \cf2 vHBA\cf0 ? (Choose three.)\par
\cf2\b0 A. Enable persistent binding.\par
\cf0 B. Enable a hardware-based failover.\par
\cf2 C. Define a SAN pin group\par
D. Assign a QoS policy.\par
\cf0 E. Define an MTU.\par
F. Assign a MAC address.\par
\par
155 - Policy, Mgmt/Maint\par
Under which condition can you select the option to "remove" a blade server from within the\par
Cisco UCS Manager?\par
A. The server has been decommissioned before physical removal.\par
B. The server has been sent a diagnostic interrupt.\par
\cf2 C. The server has been physically removed before decommission.\par
\cf0 D. The server has been powered down.\par
\par
157 - Policy, Port Profile\par
Which three items represent some of the features that can be defined in a Cisco Unified\par
Computing System Manager \cf2 port profile\cf0 ? (Choose three.)\par
\cf2 A. QoS policy\par
\cf0 B. ACL\par
C. NetFlow\par
D. port security\par
\cf2 E. network control policy\par
F. VLAN or VLANs\par
\cf0\par
\b 159 - Policy\par
Which two options occur when a \cf2 server discovery policy \cf0 is invoked? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2 A. executes the qualification in the server discovery policy against the server\par
B. applies the scrub policy to the server\par
\cf0\b0 C. analyzes the inventory of the server\par
D. assigns the server to the selected organization, if configured\par
E. creates a service profile for the server with the identity burned into the server at time of manufacture\par
\par
162 - Policy\par
Which of the following is true concerning the \cf2 Global Chassis Discovery policy \cf0 configuration\par
on the Cisco Unified Computing System Manager when using Cisco Unified Computing\par
System \cf2 22XX I/O modules \cf0 with Cisco UCS \cf2 62XX Fabric Interconnects\cf0 ?\par
A. The link grouping preference should be set to discrete mode when the number of northbound links are not a power of 2.\par
B. Set the action policy-count higher than the actual number of uplinks; otherwise, the Cisco Unified Computing System servers will not be discovered.\par
\cf2 C. For Cisco Unified Computing System implementations that mix I/O modules with different numbers of links, it is best to manually reacknowledge the chassis in order to use all available links.\par
\cf0 D. Automatic reacknowledgement due to chassis discovery is never disruptive.\par
\par
\b 163 - Policy\par
Which policy is used to update adapter firmware?\par
\b0 A. adapter policy\par
\cf2 B. host firmware policy\par
\cf0 C. management firmware policy\par
D. network control policy\par
\par
\b 166 - \b0 Service Profile, vNIC Templates\b\par
After an admin configures a service profile template and associates it to the \cf2 blade\cf0 , the\par
admin notices that changes to the template are not automatically pushed to profiles that are\par
inheriting that template. The service profile template and vNIC templates are set to "initial".\par
Which two actions resolve this issue? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2\b0 A. Delete the service profile template and re-create it as an updating template.\par
\cf0 B. Change the type of the service profile template from "initial" to "updating".\par
C. Delete the vNIC template and re-create it as an updating template.\par
\cf2 D. Change the type of the vNIC template from "initial" to "updating".\par
\cf0 E. Delete and recreate all templates.\par
\par
170 - Policy\par
Which two policies can specify that a port channel be configured between the\cf2  fabric\par
extender \cf0 and \cf2 fabric interconnect\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2 A. chassis or fabric extender discovery policy\par
\cf0 B. rack server discovery policy\par
C. rack management connection policy\par
D. server inheritance policies\par
E. autoconfig policies\par
\cf2 F. chassis connectivity policy\par
\par
\cf0 171 - Policy\par
From the Cisco UCS Manager GUI, which two configurations can be performed for Cisco\par
UCS \cf2 C-Series \cf0 Rack-Mount Servers from the \cf2 rack server discovery policy\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2 A. whether the server is discovered immediately or after the acknowledgement of the administrator\par
B. defines the scrub policy to be used upon discovery\par
\cf0 C. defines the management IP address to be associated to the server upon discovery\par
D. reverts a C-Series server from Cisco UCS domain mode to standalone mode\par
E. defines the Cisco Host Upgrade Utility ISO file for the rack servers connected to the fabric interconnects\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_01.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_0_chapter_01.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\cf2\par
\cf0 21 - Boot order\par
Refer to the exhibit.\par
#scope org\par
  #scope boot-policy Testing \par
    #create san\par
      #set order 1\par
      #create san-image primary\par
        #set vhba vHBA3\par
        #create path primary\par
          #set lun 0\par
          #commit-buffer\par
You are configuring a Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnect. You associate a \cf2 blade server \cf0 to a\par
\cf2 service profile \cf0 that has the Testing \cf2 boot policy\cf0 . Which statement describes the result of the\par
configuration?\par
A. The iSCSI boot was created for the LAN boot policy.\par
B. The blade server fails to boot due to a missing configuration line of set order 0.\par
\cf2 C. The blade server first tries to boot by using vHBA3 across the SAN network.\par
\cf0 D. The blade server first tries to boot from the local storage, and if this fails, it boots from vHBA3.\par
\par
37 - Boot from SAN, Service Profiles\par
If a customer wants to maximize the capability of server mobility with the Cisco UCS\par
deployment, what two options are Cisco recommended? (Choose two.)\par
A. Configure a server inheritance policy.\par
B. Configure a Virtual Media boot.\par
C. Configure a hardware-based service profile with burned-in addresses and identities.\par
\cf2 D. Configure boot from SAN.\par
E. Configure service profiles with resource pools.\par
\cf0\par
60 - Policy, SAN Boot\par
Which boot option is recommended for a \cf2 boot policy \cf0 because it offers the most service\par
profile mobility within a system?\par
A. iSCSI boot\par
B. local disk boot\par
C. LAN boot\par
\cf2 D. SAN boot\cf0\par
\par
12 - Pinning\par
Which of the following is true with respect to recovery from failure with automatic pinning\par
that is configured on a cluster of Cisco Unified Computing System \cf2 62XX Fabric\par
Interconnects\cf0 ?\par
A. By default, server MAC addresses are pinned to uplink interfaces using PIN groups.\par
B. When a northbound fabric interconnect link goes down, the affected servers will use NIC teaming to re-establish connectivity on the second fabric interconnect.\par
\cf2 C. When a northbound fabric interconnect link goes down, the fabric interconnect will send a gratuitous ARP to the northbound switch to announce the servers on the new port.\par
\cf0 D. In the event that all uplink ports on the fabric interconnect lose connectivity, the 22XX I/O module shuts down all of the host ports until at least one uplink is restored.\par
\par
101 - Pinning\par
Refer to the exhibit.\par
Which tables correctly map the \cf2 HIF \cf0 ports to active \cf2 FEX NIF \cf0 ports on a Cisco UCS \cf2 2208X\cf0\par
\cf2 IOM \cf0 in discrete pinning mode?\par
A. Table 2 and Table 4\par
\cf2 B. Table 1 and T able 4\par
\cf0 C. Table 2 and Table 3\par
D. Table 1 and Table 2\par
E. Table 3 and Table 4\par
\par
111 - Pinning\par
What is a true statement concerning automatic \cf2 Fibre Channel pinning \cf0 on a Cisco Unified\par
Computing System \cf2 62XX Fabric Interconnect\cf0 ?\par
A. By default, uplink Fibre Channel interfaces are configured for VSAN trunking.\par
B. Using NPV, each downstream server will be pinned to an uplink port that is based on a PIN group.\par
C. The Fibre Channel pinning process is implemented differently than end-host MAC address pinning.\par
\cf2 D. With VSAN trunking, the automatic pinning of server traffic to Fibre Channel uplink ports will be based on the server WWN.\par
\cf0\par
5 - NIC, Hardware Failover\par
Which of the following is true with respect to hardware failover or NIC teaming within a\par
Cisco Unified Computing System?\par
A. Hardware failover is specified by the operating system.\par
B. An uplink failure when using automatic pinning requires that hardware failover for the server vNIC be disabled.\par
C. NIC teaming is controlled by the vNIC.\par
\cf2 D. The hardware failover option that is available for Ethernet does not affect Fibre Channel traffic.\par
\cf0\par
7 - Syslog, Maint\par
Which destination(s) are valid for syslog messages for a Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnect?\par
A. a file and monitor only\par
B. the log, the monitor and syslog queue\par
C. the console\par
D. the console and log only\par
E. a file\par
\cf2 F. the console, the monitor, and a file\par
\cf0\par
69 - Syslog\par
\b Which four Cisco UCS components use the Cisco \cf2 NX-OS \cf0 syslog services to generate\par
syslog entries for system information and alerts? (Choose four.)\par
\cf2 A. I/O module\par
\cf0\b0 B. fabric interconnect\par
C. chassis\par
\cf2\b D. Cisco Integrated Management Controller\par
E. Cisco UCS Manager\par
F. adapter\par
\cf0\b0 G. Ethernet uplink\par
H. storage module\par
\par
15 - Ports\par
Which two are true with respect to the unified ports on the Cisco Unified Computing System\par
\cf2 62XX Fabric Interconnect\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
A. The port mode is automatically discovered after plugging in a LAN or Fibre Channel- attached cable.\par
\cf2\b B. By default, unified ports that are changed to Ethernet port mode are set to uplink Ethernet port type.\par
\cf0\b0 C. Ethernet ports must be grouped together in a block and must start with the first port and end with an odd numbered port.\par
D. Alternating Ethernet and Fibre Channel ports is supported on the expansion module.\par
\cf2\b E. After making port mode changes on an expansion module, the module will reboot.\par
\cf0\b0 F. In a standalone configuration, making port mode changes to the fixed module will not cause the fabric interconnect to reboot.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-2/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_2/configuring_ports_and_port_channels.html?bookSearch=true#concept_EBA4291165434774AB50F91C74633538 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/gui/config/guide/2-2/b_UCSM_GUI_Configuration_Guide_2_2/configuring_ports_and_port_channels.html?bookSearch=true#concept_EBA4291165434774AB50F91C74633538\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
18 -  VLANs\par
The system-reserved VLANs within Cisco UCS are 3968 to 4048 by default. Where can a\par
user change the starting value of this range?\par
A. VLAN manager\par
B. global policies\par
C. LAN cloud\par
\cf2 D. cannot be changed\par
\cf0\par
19 - UEFI Boot\par
Which consideration must be made while utilizing the UEFI boot mode?\par
\cf2 A. Legacy boot modes cannot be used on the same server.\par
\cf0 B. This mode applies only to models before the M3.\par
C. The service profile cannot be disassociated without decommissioning the blade.\par
D. This mode replaces the UEFI shell typically available as a boot fallback.\par
\par
23 - UEFI Boot\par
Which option does UEFI secure boot provide?\par
A. checksum verification of the EFI shell\par
B. certificate verification of the EFI shell\par
C. checksum verification of the OS\par
\cf2 D. certificate verification of the OS\par
\cf0\par
68 - UEFI Boot\par
Which component is unsupported by the \cf2 UEFI boot device \cf0 in the Cisco UCS \cf2 C-Series Standalone\cf0 ?\par
A. FlexFlash card\par
B. RAID array\par
C. FCoE\par
D. iSCSI\par
E. USB\par
F. PXE\par
\cf2 G. PCI SSD\par
\cf0\par
\b 25 - VLAN, IGMP Snooping\par
(Refer to the exhibit.)\par
#show ip igmp snooping vlan 100\par
Based on the output, which statement about the fabric interconnect is true?\par
\b0 A. The fabric interconnect floods multicast traffic in VLAN 100.\par
B. 10 groups in the fabric interconnect have been configured for VLAN 100 access.\par
\b C. After adding VLAN 100, no other changes were made.\par
\cf2 D. IGMP snooping was enabled by the admin for VLAN 100.\cf0\b0\par
NOTE: IGMP Snooping is on by default, so C is correct???\par
\par
27 - VLAN, Disjoint\par
How does a Cisco Unified Computing System react when configured for disjoint Layer 2\par
domains?\par
A. Automatic pinning is disabled; VLAN membership must be statically pinned to the uplink ports.\par
B. VLANs must be divided between the fabric interconnects using PIN groups.\par
\cf2 C. The VLAN traffic for a disjoint network can only travel along an uplink that is specifically assigned to this VLAN and is selectively excluded from all other uplinks.\par
\cf0 D. When you configure disjoint Layer 2 networks, you must assign VLANs to uplink interfaces.\par
\par
146 - vNIC, Disjoint\par
When cabling a Cisco UCS \cf2 6200 Series Fabric Interconnect \cf0 to \cf2 disjoint \cf0 Layer 2 networks,\par
which option must be considered?\par
A. The fabric interconnect must be in switching mode.\par
B. You must first configure a LAN pin group.\par
C. Each VLAN is allowed across multiple disjoint uplinks.\par
\cf2 D. Each vNIC can communicate to a single disjoint network.\par
\cf0\par
28 - Split-Brain\par
Which item describes the failure scenario called a "split-brain" in the Cisco Unified\par
Computing System?\par
\cf2 A. failure of the Cisco Unified Computing System L1-L2 network\par
\cf0 B. failure of a Cisco Unified Computing System Chassis Management Controller\par
C. failure of a Cisco Unified Computing System I/O module\par
D. failure of a Cisco Unified Computing System Fabric Interconnect\par
E. failure of a Cisco Unified Computing System Chassis Management Switch\par
\par
29 -  Port Channels, Policy\par
Which of the following is the most accurate concerning the link configuration between Cisco\par
Unified Computing System \cf2 22XX I/O Modules \cf0 and Cisco Unified Computing System \cf2 62XX\par
Fabric Interconnects\cf0 ?\par
\cf2 A. Port channels are always recommended when using source-dest-mac load balancing.\par
\cf0 B. The addition of links to a port channel requires a reacknowledgement.\par
C. You cannot mix and match discrete links and port channeling for different chassis when using 22XX.\par
D. Port channels do not require a Global Chassis Discovery policy.\par
\par
 31 - NIC, LOM\par
Which \cf2 NIC redundancy modes \cf0 allow the \cf2 LOMs \cf0 to be discovered by the operating system or\par
hypervisor?\par
\cf2 A. Dedicated mode\par
\cf0 B. Active/Active\par
C. Active/Standby\par
D. Cisco Card Mode\par
\par
38 - HA, Cluster\par
Which statement about high-availability clusters for Cisco UCS \cf2 Fabric Interconnects \cf0 is\par
true?\par
A. Peers in a cluster must connect to each other by using two 10-Gbps links.\par
B. The cluster requires a minimum of two IP addresses.\par
\cf2 C. The management plane is active/standby.\par
\cf0 D. The data plane is active/standby.\par
\par
41 - Maint\par
Which maintenance action releases the assigned \cf2 chassis \cf0 ID for future use?\par
A. acknowledge chassis\par
B. reset CMOS\par
\cf2 C. decommission chassis\par
\cf0 D. remove chassis\par
\par
44 - UC, Uplinks\par
Which two are true with respect to the \cf2 switching modes \cf0 on the Cisco Unified Computing\par
System \cf2 62XX Fabric Interconnect\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
A. End-host mode presents a link to a northbound uplink switch as a host trunk with loop detection that is provided by STP.\par
B. For northbound traffic, server MAC addresses are statically pinned to an uplink; the return path is controlled by the unified fabric switches.\par
C. A fabric interconnect port in Ethernet switching mode appears to the uplink switch as a host with many MAC addresses.\par
\cf2 D. Server-to-server traffic on a common VLAN are locally switched by the fabric interconnect and not the northbound switches.\par
E. A MAC forwarding table is not used to forward traffic to the uplink switch.\par
\cf0 F. A MAC address forwarding table is maintained for server-to-server communications across VLANs.\par
\par
49 - Ports\par
\b What is true statement concerning port personalities on the Cisco Unified Computing\par
System \cf2 62XX Fabric Interconnect\cf0 ?\par
\b0 A. Fibre Channel uplink ports must operate in Fibre Channel switching mode.\par
B. The fabric interconnects use native FCoE storage ports to directly attach to the SAN infrastructure.\par
\b C. By default, all Fibre Channel ports are unconfigured. (WRONG. This is true for Ethernet ports.)\par
\b0 D. The Fibre Channel uplink ports do not support VSAN trunking and Fibre Channel port channels.\par
E. The Fibre Channel storage ports support VSAN trunking and Fibre Channel port channels.\par
\par
55 - Zoning, FC\par
Which three options are needed when configuring \cf2 local zoning \cf0 on the Cisco UCS \cf2 Fabric\par
Interconnects\cf0 ? (Choose three.)\par
\cf2 A. The fabric interconnects are operating in FC switching mode.\par
\cf0 B. The fabric interconnects are operating in FC end-host mode.\par
C. SAN connectivity policy\par
\cf2 D. storage connection policy\par
E. FC target endpoints\par
\cf0 F. iSCSI target endpoints\par
\par
56 - Maint/Mgmt\par
Which scheduling option sets the number of tasks that can be run?\par
A. max number of concurrent tasks\par
B. max changes\par
\cf2 C. max number of tasks\par
\cf0 D. max configuration requests\par
\par
59 - FC, VSAN, FCoE\par
Which of the following is true concerning \cf2 Fibre Channel \cf0 communications on a Cisco Unified\par
Computing System?\par
\cf2 A. Each VSAN requires a dedicated VLAN to carry FCoE traffic.\par
\cf0 B. FCoE VLANs are created like Ethernet VLANs on Cisco Unified Computing System Manager.\par
C. FCoE VLANs may overlap with Ethernet VLANs.\par
D. Cisco Unified Computing System Manager supports a maximum of 128 active VSANs.\par
\par
11 - B-Series, Upgrade\par
Which three components are parts of the Cisco UCS B-Series Blade Server software\par
bundle?\par
(Choose three.)\par
\cf2 A. the adapter firmware\par
\cf0 B. the Kernel and system firmware for fabric interconnects\par
\cf2 C. the BIOS firmware\par
\cf0 D. the IOM firmware\par
E. the Cisco UCS Manager software\par
\cf2 F. the board controller firmware\par
\cf0\par
54 - Upgrade\par
Which two are true with respect to the upgrade process for the Cisco Unified Computing\par
System? (Choose two.)\par
A. For easier manageability, Cisco provides one full bundle that contains the firmware images for all Cisco Unified Computing System components.\par
B. You can choose from FTP, TFTP, SCP, and HTTP to copy the bundle image from a remote file system.\par
\cf2\b C. When the bundle image is downloaded, it must be transferred to the flash file system of the active fabric interconnect.\par
D. When the download is successful, Cisco Unified Computing System Manager expands the individual files from the archive and installs them in the correct flash file system partition.\par
\cf0\b0 E. It is strongly recommended that you activate all components in all chassis at one time.\par
F. The I/O module, CIMC, and adaptors update process operates strictly on the backup partition of Flash for a given component.\par
- Reference: Student Guide, page 2-40+\par
\par
57 - Upgrade\par
Your systems engineer has determined all of the firmware versions that the server\par
operating system supports. What steps are taken on Cisco UCS to avoid manual firmware\par
upgrades on the \cf2 blade servers\cf0 ?\par
A. Use Cisco UCS Manager firmware management to upgrade all Cisco UCS blade servers to the same target firmware versions.\par
\cf2 B. Configure host firmware package and management firmware package policies and associate the firmware policies with the service profiles.\par
\cf0 C. Create a BIOS policy and define the host firmware package and management firmware package.\par
D. Configure host firmware package and management firmware package policies and associate the firmware policies with the server pools.\par
\par
72 - Upgrade \par
Which Cisco UCS firmware are contained in the Cisco UCS \cf2 Infrastructure software bundle\cf0 ?\par
(Choose three.)\par
A. Cisco UCS BIOS\par
\cf2 B. Cisco UCS fabric interconnects firmware\par
\cf0 C. Cisco UCS adapters\par
\cf2 D. Cisco UCS Manager\par
E. Cisco I/O module firmware\par
\cf0 F. Cisco IMC\par
\par
76 - Upgrade\par
\b You must upgrade a Cisco UCS -Series Server. Where must the Cisco UCS bundle image\par
be located before you can begin the upgrade?\par
\b0 A. the Cisco Integrated Management Controller memory of the server\par
B. a USB drive connected to a Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnect\par
C. a TFTP server accessible to the Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnect\par
\b D. the flash file system of the fabric interconnect\par
\b0\par
79 - Upgrade\par
Which of the following scenarios accurately demonstrate how the Cisco Unified Computing\par
System ensures that a firmware \cf2 upgrade \cf0 is minimally disruptive to the data center unified\par
fabric?\par
\cf2 A. If an I/O module is upgraded to a version that is incompatible with its fabric interconnect, the fabric interconnect can automatically reactivate the I/O module to a compatible version.\par
\cf0 B. If components like server BIOS, HBA, and RAID controller firmware are unsuccessfully updated through direct firmware updates, the update process will fall back to a host firmware package that is associated with the service profile.\par
C. If an update of the subordinate fabric interconnect leaves it in a nonusable state, the primary fabric interconnect will automatically be updated to ensure that one fabric interconnect is running the most recent firmware.\par
D. After Cisco Unified Computing System Manager upgrades the subordinate node, only then is the active management node automatically synchronized.\par
\par
81 - Upgrade\par
Which two components can be specified in a \cf2 host firmware package\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
A. CPU\par
\cf2 B. BIOS\par
C. Cisco Integrated Management Controller\par
\cf0 D. LOM\par
E. DIMM\par
NOTE: LOM done in HUU Host Upgrade Utility.\par
\par
144 - Upgrade\par
Which UCS components firmware are contained in the UCS \cf2 Infrastructure software\par
bundle\cf0 ?\par
A. UCS BIOS\par
\cf2 B. UCS Fabric Interconnects\par
\cf0 C. UCS Adapters\par
\cf2 D. UCS Manager\par
E. IO Module\par
\cf0 F. Cisco IMC\par
\par
2 - C-Series Standalone, HUU Upgrade\par
In a \cf2 Standalone \cf0 Cisco UCS \cf2 C-Series \cf0 server, which recommendations can be used to\par
upgrade the \cf2 BIOS\cf0 ?\par
A. Cisco IMC\par
B. Cisco UCS Manager\par
C. iFlash32 Utility\par
D. Flash ROM Utility\par
E. EFI Interface\par
\cf2 F. Cisco Host Upgrade Utility\par
\cf0 G. USB Flash Utility\par
\par
150 - HUU\par
You manage Cisco UCS \cf2 C-Series \cf0 Rack-Mount Servers. Which three components can you\par
upgrade by using the Cisco \cf2 Host Upgrade Utility\cf0 ? (Choose three.)\par
\cf2 A. the LAN on motherboard\par
B. the Cisco Integrated Management Controller\par
\cf0 C. the operating system images\par
\cf2 D. the system BIOS\par
\cf0 E. the fabric interconnects\par
F. the FEX modules\par
\par
156 - HUU\par
When upgrading a \cf2 Standalone \cf0 Cisco UCS \cf2 C-Series \cf0 server, which method is correct?\par
A. direct upgrade on all components\par
B. Cisco Hardware Upgrade Utility\par
\cf2 C. Cisco Host Upgrade Utility\par
\cf0 D. Cisco Server Upgrade Utility\par
\par
42 - Backup\par
Which protocol is not supported for Cisco UCS backups and imports?\par
A. FTP\par
B. TFTP\par
C. SCP\par
D. SFTP\par
\cf2 E. HTTP\par
\cf0\par
83 - Backup\par
Which \cf2 backup \cf0 option must be used for a \cf2 system restore\cf0 ?\par
\cf2 A. full state\par
\cf0 B. all configuration\par
C. system configuration\par
D. logical configuration\par
E. incremental\par
\par
\b 125 - Backup\par
Which consideration must be made while performing \cf2 backup \cf0 operations within the Cisco\par
UCS Manager?\par
\b0 A. Each backup destination can have multiple backup operations.\par
B. Backups can be scheduled ahead of time.\par
C. A user can perform incremental backups of a system configuration.\par
\cf2 D. Rerunning an existing backup operation overwrites the existing backup file.\par
\cf0\par
138 - Backup\par
Which \cf2 backup \cf0 option must be performed from the Cisco UCS Manager to allow for a\par
\cf2 system restore\cf0 ?\par
A. database backup\par
B. Logical configuration\par
C. System configuration\par
\cf2 D. Full state\par
\cf0 E. All configuration\par
\par
160 - Backup\par
Which two statements describe the full state type of backup? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2 A. It is a binary file.\par
\cf0 B. It cannot be used to restore the system during disaster recovery.\par
C. It can use this file for an import.\par
\cf2 D. It can be used only on a system that is running the same version as the system from which the backup file was exported.\par
\cf0 E. It is an XML file.\par
\par
73 - NIC, CNA\par
M51KR NIC - \cf2 Supports iSCSI boot\par
\cf0 M61KR CNA - \cf2 Supports native OS FCoE\par
\cf0 M72KR CNA - \cf2 Supports 4G FC\par
NOTE: VM-FEX - M81KR, VIC\cf0\par
\par
\b 87 - End Host/Switching Modes\par
In which situation would you be required to change a Cisco UCS system from \cf2 end-host\par
mode\cf0  to \cf2 switching mode\cf0 ?\par
\b0 A. Design requirements call for the use of fabric failover.\par
B. Fabric interconnect is connecting to disjoint Layer 2 networks upstream.\par
\cf2\b C. HSRP routers are directly connected to the fabric interconnect.\par
\cf0\b0 D. Upstream Cisco Nexus 5000 is configured for vPC.\par
\par
90 - Access\par
IPMI - Remotely powers a server on or off\par
SOL - Allow external UDP conn to serial console port\par
KVM - Allows Cisco UCS admins connect remotely to console of any server \par
\par
\b 92 - Ports\par
Which options are valid port types when configuring \cf2 fixed 10-Gb LAN \cf0 interfaces on the\par
Cisco UCS \cf2 6200 \cf0 Series \cf2 Fabric Interconnects\cf0 ? (Choose three.)\par
\cf2\b0 A. monitoring port\par
B. server port\par
C. uplink Ethernet port\par
\cf0 D. FEX port\par
E. Fibre Channel storage port\par
\par
\b 95 - Designated Receiver, Broadcasts, Mcasts\par
Refer to the exhibit.\par
 #show platform software enm internal info vlandb id 311\par
Which two statements about the \cf2 fabric interconnect \cf0 are true? (Choose two.)\par
\b0 A. The fabric interconnect forwards all broadcast packets on VLAN 311 out of each interface listed in the Membership.\par
\cf2\b B. The fabric interconnect forwards broadcasts on VLAN 311 only when they are received on Po21.\par
\cf0\b0 C. Without any \b changes \b0 to the switch, eth 1/32 could become the designated receiver for VLAN 311.?\par
D. All multicast traffic from a blade on VLAN 311 goes out of Po21.\par
\cf2\b E. IGMP join packets from blades on VLAN 311 goes out Po21.\cf0\b0\par
\par
51 - Policy, Auth\par
Which three tasks can a user with the \cf2 ext-lan-policy privileges \cf0 perform? (Choose three.)\par
A. Configure management interfaces on the fabric interconnect.\par
\cf2 B. Configure Ethernet pin groups.\par
\cf0 C. Configure management interfaces monitoring policy.\par
\cf2 D. Create/modify/delete vNIC/vHBA placement policies.\par
\cf0 E. Configure DNS providers and DNS domain.\par
\cf2 F. Specify the allowed range for virtual MAC addresses.\par
\cf0 G. Configure fabric interconnect system name.\par
H. This privilege has full access to all operations.\par
\par
88 - Auth\par
Which Cisco UCS Manager feature allows you to specify multiple \cf2 LDAP \cf0 servers for user\par
authentication?\par
A. Realm\par
\cf2 B. LDAP Provider Group\par
\cf0 C. Authentication Domain\par
D. Organization\par
\par
94 - CIMC, Auth\par
When configuring roles in the Cisco UCS \cf2 C-Series\cf0 , which role should be assigned for a\par
person who must be allowed to power on the server and install a hypervisor using virtual\par
media, but not allowed to configure other \cf2 Cisco Integrated Management Controller\cf0\par
settings?\par
A. read-only\par
\cf2 B. user\par
\cf0 C. VM admin\par
D. admin\par
\par
97 - Auth\par
Which two are true concerning the \cf2 role-based access control \cf0 specifics of a Cisco Unified\par
Computing System? (Choose two.)\par
A. Disabled local user accounts are deleted from the database.\par
B. A locally authenticated user account is any user account that is authenticated through LDAP, RADIUS, or TACACS+.\par
\cf2 C. If a user maintains a local user account and a remote user account simultaneously, the roles that are defined in the local user account override those that are maintained in the remote user account.\par
\cf0 D. By default, user accounts expire after 90 days; a warning message will be generated 10 days prior to expiration.\par
E. A user that is assigned one or more roles will be allowed the privileges that are consistent across all of the assigned roles.\par
\cf2 F. All roles include read access to all configuration settings in the Cisco Unified Computing System domain.\par
\cf0\par
102 -  Auth\par
Which two are true concerning authorization within a Cisco Unified Computing System?\par
(Choose two.)\par
\cf2 A. A role defines a collection of privileges that determines which actions a user can take in Cisco Unified Computing System Manager.\par
\cf0 B. Authorization consists of three components (roles, password policy, and locales) that are based on which features and resources the user will not have access to.\par
C. Customized roles can be configured on and downloaded from remote AAA servers.\par
D. The logical resources, pools and policies, are grouped into roles.\par
\cf2 E. If the service profile cannot find available resources, it will search in the parent organization for pools and resources.\par
\cf0\par
104 - Auth\par
Which authentication provider requires a custom attribute?\par
\cf2 A. TACACS+\par
\cf0 B. RADIUS\par
C. LDAP\par
D. local authentication\par
\par
154 - Auth\par
You plan to use AAA security services for a Cisco UCS \cf2 Fabric Interconnect\cf0 . Which two\par
authentication providers can you use? (Choose two.)\par
A. Kerberos\par
\cf2 B. RADIUS\par
\cf0 C. NTLM\par
D. Diameter\par
\cf2 E. LDAP\par
\cf0\par
\b 165 - Auth\par
Which of the following are true concerning authentication within a Cisco Unified Computing\par
System?\par
\b0 A. Authentication domains are used to leverage individual authentication systems.\par
B. You can create up to 64 authentication domains, each associated with a provider group and realm in Cisco Unified Computing System Manager.\par
C. At login, the user can select the authentication domain to be used.\par
\b D. Cisco Unified Computing System supports LDAP or RADIUS for remote authentication.\par
\cf2 E. A locally authenticated user account is authenticated directly through the fabric interconnect.\par
\cf0\b0\par
\b 109 - Uplinks\par
Which three statements about default settings for \cf2 fabric interconnect uplink ports \cf0 are true?\par
(Choose three.)\par
\cf2\b0 A. When a VLAN is configured, it is trunked on all uplinks.\par
\cf0 B. Specific VLANs are trunked on specific uplinks.\par
C. UDLD is enabled.\par
\cf2 D. UDLD is disabled.\par
E. Cisco Discovery Protocol is enabled.\par
\cf0 F. Cisco Discovery Protocol is disabled.\par
G. They connect to the I/O modules.\par
\par
114 - UCS 62XX FC Switching Mode, NPV\par
NPV Mode:\par
\cf2 NP_Port to F_Port\par
No FC Domain ID\par
No zoning required\par
\cf0 FC Switching Mode:\par
\cf2 N_Port to F_Port\par
FC Domain ID\par
Default zoning or zone merge\par
\cf0\par
122 - UCS\par
62XX FI:\par
\cf2 NX-OS Kernel\par
NX-OS System\par
UCS Mgr\par
\cf0 22XX IOM: \par
\cf2 Startup, Backup\par
\cf0\par
126 - Unified\par
The Cisco UCS \cf2 6200 \cf0 Series \cf2 Fabric Interconnects \cf0 offer a new feature that allows dynamic\par
port allocation for all of the 10 Gigabit Ethernet interfaces. What are these ports called?\par
A. universal ports\par
B. flex ports\par
\cf2 C. unified ports\par
\cf0 D. converged ports\par
\par
127 - SPAN Monitoring\par
Which port type mode must be used on a Cisco UCS Manager for a \cf2 SPAN \cf0 port?\par
\cf2 A. eth-traffic-mon\par
\cf0 B. eth-uplink\par
C. eth-server\par
D. eth-storage\par
\par
148 - Cluster, Mgmt\par
Which four physical connections on a \cf2 fabric interconnect \cf0 are needed to perform the initial\par
system setup for a \cf2 cluster \cf0 configuration? (Choose four.)\par
A. Ethernet uplink ports connected to upstream switch\par
\cf2 B. console port connected to a computer terminal or console server.\par
C. Layer 1 ports on both fabric interconnects connected to each other\par
\cf0 D. Layer 1 port of the first fabric interconnect connected to Layer 2 port of the second fabric interconnect\par
\cf2 E. Layer 2 ports on both fabric interconnects connected to each other\par
\cf0 F. Fibre Channel uplink ports connected to upstream fabric switch\par
\cf2 G. management Ethernet port (mgmt0) connected to external switch or router\par
\cf0 H. port channel to each fabric interconnect\par
\par
172 - FlexFlash\par
Which \cf2 boot \cf0 option must be present in the \cf2 boot policy \cf0 to have the option to manually boot\par
from the \cf2 FlexFlash Secure Digital card\cf0 ?\par
A. any configuration\par
B. FlexFlash state\par
\cf2 C. local disk\par
\cf0 D. remote virtual drive\par
\par
26 - FSM\par
With Cisco UCS Manager, in which location do you monitor the chassis discovery process?\par
A. CMC\par
\cf2 B. FSM\par
\cf0 C. CDP\par
D. DME\par
\par
24 - B-Series, Policy\par
You have a Cisco \cf2 UCS B200 M2 \cf0 server configured with 12 4-GB DDR3 1333-MHz dual-\par
voltage memory DIMMs. You learned that the server memory speed is running at 1066\par
MHz instead. How can you configure the server to run at maximum memory speed?\par
A. You cannot configure memory speed of 1333 MHz. The maximum memory speed of a Cisco UCS B200 M2 server with 12 4-GB DIMM is 1066 MHz.\par
B. Memory speed of the ESX host is configurable on VMware vCenter.\par
\cf2 C. Create a BIOS policy. In the RAS Memory BIOS settings, select Performance Mode for LV DDR Mode.\par
\cf0 D. On the CIMC of the Cisco UCS B200 M2, select 1333 MHz in the Memory Speed option.\par
\par
53 - FC, NPV, B-Series\par
\b Which three statements about what occurs when a Cisco UCS \cf2 B-Series Blade Server\cf0\par
connects to the \cf2 SAN \cf0 across a \cf2 fabric interconnect \cf0 that is enabled in \cf2 Fibre Channel NPV\cf0\par
\cf2 mode \cf0 are true?\par
(Choose three.)\par
\cf2\b0 A. The server ports in F Port mode are pinned to the NP Ports.\par
\cf0 B. The E Ports are pinned to the E Ports on the fabric interconnect.\par
C. Zoning is deployed on the fabric interconnect.\par
\cf2 D. The fabric interconnect is not assigned a Fibre Channel domain ID.\par
E. Traffic that is received on the server ports in F Port mode from the server side is pinned to the NPIV-enabled uplink ports on the fabric interconnect.\par
\cf0 F. The fabric interconnect must have the Fibre Channel uplink port connected to the upstream switch F Port in NPIV mode that performs the Fibre Channel forwarder function.\par
\par
66 - B-Series\par
Which slot(s) contain DIMMs in a \cf2 1DPC \cf0 configuration on Cisco UCS \cf2 blade server\cf0 ?\par
A. 0\par
B. 1 and 2 only.\par
\cf2 C. 1\par
\cf0 D. 2\par
\par
\b 91 - \b0 B-Series\b\par
Which option describes the possible result of a customer configuring a \cf2 server pool \cf0 that\par
contains Cisco UCS \cf2 B200 M2 \cf0 and \cf2 B250 M2 \cf0 blades?\par
\b0 A. A service profile cannot migrate automatically from one blade to another blade within the server pool due to hardware failure.\par
B. You must decommission a blade server for the associated service profile to migrate to another blade in the server pool successfully.\par
C. You must uncheck the Restrict Migration box in the service profile to allow service profile migration between blades in the server pool.\par
\cf2 D. After service profile migration, the server fails in boot from SAN due to differences in PCI device IDs.\par
\cf0\par
117 -  Basic VLAN tagging Q, B\par
Refer to the exhibit.\par
VLAN: mgmt-vlan-14net, 832, native VLAN\par
An admin is configuring VLANs on a Cisco UCS \cf2 B-Series vNIC. \cf0 Which two statements\par
about the traffic coming from the operating system with this configuration are true?\par
(Choose two.)\par
A. The VLAN must be configured with ID 832 within the operating system.\par
\cf2 B. No VLAN tag should be added in the operating system.\par
C. If traffic comes in untagged on this vNIC, it is placed in VLAN 832.\par
\cf0 D. This configuration is not supported when hypervisors are used.\par
E. The uplink ports of the fabric interconnect have the native VLAN set to ID 832.\par
\par
119 - B-Series\par
How many links are there between a second-generation \cf2 IOM \cf0 (Cisco UCS \cf2 2204 or 2208\cf0 )\par
and a third-generation half-width \cf2 blade \cf0 (Cisco UCS \cf2 B200 M3 or B22 M3\cf0 ) in a Cisco UCS system?\par
A. 1\par
B. 2\par
\cf2 C. 4\par
\cf0 D. 8\par
\par
33 - CIMC GUI\par
You plan to implement \cf2 FCoE \cf0 on a Cisco UCS \cf2 C-Series \cf0 server. Which option must you\par
configure from the \cf2 Cisco Integrated Management Controller GUI\cf0 ?\par
A. a vNIC failover\par
B. a boot table entry\par
C. NIV\par
\cf2 D. FIP mode\par
\cf0\par
40 - CIMC\par
Which option describes what \cf2 Cisco Integrated Management Controller\cf0  - \cf2 Network Security\cf0\par
provides?\par
\cf2 A. protection against DDoS on the Cisco IMC ( enable IP Blocking, IP Blocking Fail Count/Fail Window/Penalty Time)\par
=User lockout after x unsuccessful login Count, during x Window, for x length of Penalty Time.\par
\cf0 B. a whitelist that specifies the servers allowed to access the Cisco IMC\par
C. 802.1x support, allowing the Cisco IMC to log in to a port security network\par
D. user-configured ACLs to block known bad servers from accessing the Cisco IMC\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/c/sw/gui/config/guide/1-2-1/b_Cisco_UCS_C-Series_Servers_Integrated_Management_Controller_Configuration_Guide_1_2_1/Cisco_UCS_C-Series_Servers_Integrated_Management_Controller_Configuration_Guide_1_2_1_chapter8.html#task_10637AC91E1C4F55ABEC112C91AD29EA }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/c/sw/gui/config/guide/1-2-1/b_Cisco_UCS_C-Series_Servers_Integrated_Management_Controller_Configuration_Guide_1_2_1/Cisco_UCS_C-Series_Servers_Integrated_Management_Controller_Configuration_Guide_1_2_1_chapter8.html#task_10637AC91E1C4F55ABEC112C91AD29EA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\line 47 - CIMC - Standalone C-Series\par
Which two protocols does the \cf2 Cisco Integrated Management Controller \cf0 support for\par
managing \cf2 standalone \cf0 Cisco UCS \cf2 C-Series \cf0 servers? (Choose two.)\par
A. SoL\par
B. IPMI\par
\cf2 C. IPMIv2\par
\cf0 D. SMASH CLP\par
\cf2 E. SNMPv3\par
\par
\cf0 93 - CIMC \par
Which statement about Cisco Integrated Management Controller \cf2 secure mode \cf0 is true?\par
\cf2 A. After you enable it, you cannot disable it.\par
\cf0 B. After you enable it, you cannot downgrade the Cisco Integrated Management Controller firmware.\par
C. It verifies the OS before allowing it to boot.\par
D. The server must reboot to apply.\par
\par
\b 103 - CIMC\par
What are the default settings of the \cf2 Cisco IMC CIMC \cf0 NIC properties on a \cf2 Standalone \cf0 Cisco\par
UCS \cf2 C-Series \cf0 server?\par
\cf2\b0 A. 'Shared LOM' NIC mode with 'Active-active' NIC redundancy and DHCP enabled\par
\cf0 B. 'Shared LOM' NIC mode with 'Active-standby' NIC redundancy and DHCP enabled\par
C. 'Dedicated' NIC mode with 'Active-standby' NIC redundancy DHCP disabled\par
D. 'Dedicated' NIC mode with 'None' NIC redundancy and DHCP enabled\par
E. 'Cisco Card' NIC mode with 'Active-active' NIC redundancy and DHCP enabled\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/c/hw/C240M4/install/C240M4/install.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/c/hw/C240M4/install/C240M4/install.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
132 - CIMC GUI\par
Refer to the exhibit.\par
CNA-VIC-TEST\par
Enable FIP Mode\par
Enable NIV Mode\par
# of VM FEX Ints: 16\par
From the \cf2 Cisco Integrated Management Controller GUI\cf0 , the CNA \cf2 VIC\cf0\par
adapter properties of a Cisco UCS \cf2 C-Series \cf0 Server in \cf2 standalone \cf0 mode are configured as\par
shown. Which three options are results of the configuration? (Choose three.)\par
\cf2 A. Sixteen dynamic vNICs on the CNA VIC adapter are provisioned.\par
B. A description for the CNA VIC adapter is assigned.\par
\cf0 C. Sixteen static vNICs on the CNA VIC adapter are provisioned.\par
\cf2 D. FIP support on the CNA VIC adapter is enabled.\par
\cf0 E. Sixteen dynamic device aliases for vNICs on the CNA VIC adapter are provisioned.\par
F. NIV mode for the CNA VIC adapter is disabled.\par
\par
133 - CIMC\par
Which ports can access the \cf2 Cisco IMC \cf0 if you select \cf2 Shared LOM NIC \cf0 mode in the \cf2 Cisco\par
IMC Configuration Utility \cf0 for a Cisco UCS \cf2 C-Series \cf0 server?\par
A. the ports on an installed Cisco network adapter card\par
\cf2 B. the two 1-Gb Ethernet ports\par
\cf0 C. the two 10/100 management ports\par
D. the two 10/100 management ports, but each port has a default setting\par
\par
134 - CIMC\par
When implementing a Cisco UCS \cf2 C-series standalone \cf0 server, which of the \cf2 following Cisco\par
Integrated Management Controller\cf0  NIC modes allow use of the least number of physical\par
ports while providing maximum levels of \cf2 redundancy\cf0 ?\par
A. dedicated\par
B. shared LOM\par
C. shared LOM 10G\par
\cf2 D. Cisco VIC\par
\cf0\par
169 - CIMC\par
You have a Cisco UCS \cf2 C-Series \cf0 Server. What can you use to log the \cf2 blade \cf0 server\par
statistics?\par
\cf2 A. the Cisco Integrated Management Controller log - CIMC\par
\cf0 B. RADIUS\par
C. LDAP\par
D. the XML API\par
\par
3 - VM\par
How many \cf2 certificates \cf0 does Cisco Unified Computing System Manager have to export to\par
communicate with VMware vCenter server if the VMware ESXi hosts are all running\par
version 5.0 or higher?\par
\cf2 A. 1\par
\cf0 B. 2\par
C. 4\par
D. 8\par
E. 16\par
\par
6 - VM-FEX\par
Which feature must be configured for Linux VMs to be able to transition from Cisco \cf2\b VM-FEX \cf0\b0 standard mode to \cf2 universal passthrough mode\cf0 ?\par
A. RSS\par
\cf2 B. MSI Interrupt Mode\par
\cf0 C. VEMDPA Agent\par
D. Execute Disabled Bit\par
E. Processor C State\par
\par
10 - VM\par
What is the purpose of the maximum ports that are filed in the \cf2 port profile\cf0 ?\par
A. determines the maximum number of uplinks that VMs can use\par
B. determines the maximum number of VMs that can use the DVS\par
C. determines the maximum number of DVSs that can use the port profile\par
\cf2 D. determines the maximum number of dynamic vNICS on the DVS\par
\cf0\par
16 - VM-FEX\par
Which two policies can be configured in a \cf2 port profile \cf0 for \cf2 VM-FEX high-performance mode\cf0 ?\par
(Choose two.)\par
\cf2\b A. QoS policy\par
B. network control policy\par
\cf0\b0 C. adapter policy\par
D. BIOS policy\par
E. vNIC connection policy\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/collateral/data-center-virtualization/unified-computing/vm_fex_best_practices_deployment_guide.html#wp9001046 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/collateral/data-center-virtualization/unified-computing/vm_fex_best_practices_deployment_guide.html#wp9001046\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
(Screen shot included. The dynamic vNIC configuration concept takes care of the other stuff.)\par
\par
 17 - VM-FEX\par
Where do you configure the VLAN when provisioning new VLANs in \cf2 VM-FEX\cf0 ?\par
A. vCenter on the port group\par
\cf2 B. Cisco UCS Manager on the port profile\par
\cf0 C. Cisco UCS Manager on the service profile\par
D. vCenter on the host\par
\par
20 - VM\par
When adding a VMware ESXi host to the \cf2 Distributed Virtual Switch DVS\cf0 , what are two risks of\par
migrating a VMNIC that is associated to vSwitch 0? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2 A. loss of access to the management IP interface\par
\cf0 B. duplicate IP address error\par
C. duplicate MAC address error\par
\cf2 D. loss of VMware ESXi communication with VMware vCenter\par
\cf0 E. DVS port group will not appear in the VM network settings\par
F. DVS port group will overwrite the port groups in vSwitch 0\par
\par
30 - VM-FEX\par
Which two settings are required when utilizing \cf2 DirectPath I/O\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
A. CPU pinning\par
\cf2 B. full memory reservation\par
C. Set Port Profile performance to "high".\par
\cf0 D. vCPU pinning\par
E. VM queue modification\par
F. adapter profile update\par
G. Install DirectPath VIB on host.\par
H. Enable VMQ with the "enable-netadaptervmq" cmdlet.\par
\par
32 - VM-FEX\par
What are the three main components of the \cf2 VM-FEX \cf0 environment? (Choose three.)\par
A. Red Hat Network Satellite server\par
\cf2 B. ESX host with Cisco UCS M81KR VIC\par
\cf0 C. ESX host with Cisco UCS M72KR CAN\par
\cf2 D. VMware vCenter\par
\cf0 E. VMware Update Manager\par
\cf2 F. Cisco UCS Manager\par
\cf0 G. Cisco VSG\par
\par
36 - VM-FEX\par
Which three items are supported operating systems of the Cisco \cf2 VM-FEX universal passthrough\cf0 ? \par
(Choose three.)\par
A. Oracle Solaris 11\par
\cf2 B. Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.0\par
\cf0 C. Microsoft Windows Server 2003 SP3\par
\cf2 D. Microsoft Windows Server 2008\par
\cf0 E. Ubuntu Server 12.2\par
\cf2 F. SLES 11\par
\cf0\par
43 - VM\par
While configuring communication between \cf2 vCenter \cf0 and Cisco UCS, which two items are\par
contained in the \cf2 extension file\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2 A. extension key\par
\cf0 B. plug-in version information\par
C. SSL private certificate\par
\cf2 D. Cisco UCS Manager SSL public certificate\par
\cf0 E. SSH public key\par
F. Cisco UCS Manager admin credentials\par
G. IP address of the hosts utilizing VM link\par
H. vCenter SSL public certificate\par
\par
52 - VM\par
After staging a \cf2 VEM \cf0 file on a VMware ESXi 5.0 host in the /tmp directory, what is the\par
correct command syntax to install the VEM?\par
\cf2 A. esxcli software vib install d /tmp/VEM500-20110825132140-BG-release.zip -maintenance-mode\par
\cf0 B. esxcli software vib install v /tmp/VEM500-20110825132140-BG-release.zip -maintenance-mode\par
C. esxupdate software vib install d /tmp/VEM500-20110825132140-BG-release.zip -maintenance-mode\par
D. esxupdate software vib install v /tmp/VEM500-20110825132140-BG-release.vib -maintenance-mode\par
\par
58 - VM\par
Which three options are true regarding \cf2 port profiles \cf0 in Cisco UCS Manager? (Choose three.)\par
A. Port profiles define operating-system kernel parameters.\par
\cf2 B. Port profiles are represented as a port group in vCenter.\par
C. Port profiles can be used by more than one DVS.\par
\cf0 D. Port profile parameters are visible on vCenter.\par
E. Port profile parameters can be modified from vCenter.\par
\cf2 F. Port profiles can be modified only from Cisco UCS Manager.\par
\cf0\par
62 - VM-FEX\par
While configuring \cf2 VM-FEX \cf0 for Hyper-V, the virtual switch does not show up when you add\par
the host with the \cf2 port-profile \cf0 management snap-in. Which statement describes the most\par
likely cause?\par
\cf2 A. SR-IOV is not enabled for the virtual switch inside Hyper-V.\par
\cf0 B. Cisco Nexus 1000v is not enabled for the virtual switch.\par
C. Hyper-V requires Cisco UCS Manager to utilize Cisco Discovery Protocol on the vNIC profile.\par
D. An active VM is not associated with the port profile.\par
E. VM-FEX does not work with Hyper-V.\par
F. VM-FEX has been configured on the Catalyst switch but not in System Center yet.\par
\par
65 - VM-FEX\par
Which three items represent some of the components to implement Cisco \cf2 VM-FEX \cf0 for\par
Cisco Unified Computing System Manager \cf2 B-Series blades\cf0 ? (Choose three.)\par
A. Cisco VSM VM\par
B. VEM installed on the VMware vCenter server\par
\cf2 C. VEM in the VMware ESX or ESXi host\par
D. Cisco Unified Computing System Manager version 1.2 or higher\par
E. VMware vCenter server\par
\cf0 F. Fibre Channel VMFS volume\par
\par
67 - VM-FEX\par
Which virtual hardware version is required for a VM to enter the Cisco \cf2 VM-FEX \cf0 universal\par
passthrough mode?\par
A. Version 5\par
B. Version 6\par
C. Version 7\par
\cf2 D. Version 8\par
\cf0 E. Version 9\par
\par
70 - VM-FEX\par
Which technology makes \cf2 VM-FEX \cf0 possible?\par
A. VXLAN\par
\cf2 B. VNTAG\par
\cf0 C. VPC\par
D. DVS\par
\par
74 - VM-FEX\par
Which \cf2 BIOS \cf0 setting is required for a VMware ESXi 5.0 host to support Cisco VM-FEX\par
\cf2 universal pasthrough mode\cf0 ?\par
\cf2 A. VT for Directed IO\par
\cf0 B. ACPI 10 Support\par
C. VEMDPA Agent\par
D. Execute Disabled Bit\par
E. Processor C State\par
\par
75 - VM-FEX\par
Which option describes the difference between "\cf2 high-performance\cf0 " and "none" on a VM-FEX \cf2 port profile\cf0 ?\par
\cf2 A. None is software assisted, and high-performance is software and hardware assisted.\par
\cf0 B. None indicates that VM-FEX is not used on this interface, and high-performance indicates that is used.\par
C. None is used for management profiles, and high-performance is used for mission-critical data profiles.\par
D. None assumes default scheduling settings for the port profile, and high-performance gives the ports priority in scheduling.\par
\par
84 - VM-FEX\par
Which two VMware features will not allow an adapter to transition from Cisco \cf2 VM-FEX\cf0\par
standard mode to \cf2 universal passthrough mode\cf0 ? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2 A. VM Snapshot\par
\cf0 B. Volume Shadow Copy\par
\cf2 C. Storage vMotion\par
\cf0 D. HA\par
E. Resource Reservations\par
\par
86 - VM\par
Which option lists the features that are needed to install VMware ESXi on a \cf2 local drive \cf0 from\par
an \cf2 image file\cf0 ?\par
A. Virtual Media and VMFS\par
\cf2 B. Virtual Media and Virtual KVM\par
\cf0 C. Virtual Boot and VMFS\par
D. Virtual KVM and Virtual Boot\par
\par
98 - VM\par
Which item is required for communication between Cisco Unified Computing System\par
Manager and VMware \cf2 vCenter\cf0 ?\par
A. VeriSign Digital Certificates\par
B. RSA Digital Certificates\par
\cf2 C. Cisco Unified Computing System Manager Extension Key\par
\cf0 D. VeriSign Plug-In\par
E. WMware vCenter Certificate Services\par
\par
99 - VM-FEX\par
When using \cf2 VM-FEX\cf0 , the new VMs are not connected, but existing VMs are unaffected.\par
Which option describes the most likely cause?\par
A. Binding is set to ephemeral on the DVS, but it must be set to static.\par
\cf2 B. Dynamic NICs have been exhausted.\par
\cf0 C. Hostd on the host has stopped responding to Cisco UCS Manager.\par
D. The adapter has failed.\par
\par
100 - VM\par
Which three items must be configured in the \cf2 Port Profile Client \cf0 in Cisco Unified Computing\par
System Manager? (Choose three.)\par
A. port profile\par
\cf2 B. DVS\par
C. data center\par
D. folder\par
\cf0 E. VMware vCenter IP address\par
F. VM port group\par
\par
\b 110 - VM-FEX, B-Series, VIC\par
Which of the following is not a feature of the Cisco Unified Computing System \cf2 VIC-1280\cf0\par
adaptor?\par
\b0 A. capable of up to 256 virtual interfaces\par
B. supports FCoE\par
C. supports Cisco VM-FEX\par
\cf2 D. compatible with the \b C- or B-Series \b0 Cisco Unified Computing System servers\par
{\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/interfaces-modules/ucs-virtual-interface-card-1280/data_sheet_c78-677682.pdf }}{\fldrslt{http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/collateral/interfaces-modules/ucs-virtual-interface-card-1280/data_sheet_c78-677682.pdf\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf0\f0\fs22\par
- B-Series ONLY\par
\par
115 - VM-FEX\par
Which two statements about the provisioning of Cisco \cf2 VM-FEX DirectPath I/O mode \cf0 are\par
true?\par
(Choose two.)\par
A. The VT-D feature on the ESX host server must be disabled before you can enable VMDirectPath.\par
B. VM-FEX standard mode is the same as VM-FEX high-performance mode.\par
\cf2 C. Enabling high performance turns on VM DirectPath mode.\par
\cf0 D. VMDirectPath mode prevents the use of VMware vMotion.\par
\cf2 E. To use Cisco VM-FEX DirectPath I/O mode, a virtual machine must have a dynamic vNIC and two static vNICs on the VIC adapter.\par
\cf0\par
118 - Adapter FEX\par
Which statement about \cf2 Adapter FEX \cf0 is true?\par
\cf2 A. Adapter FEX extends the fabric into the server.\par
\cf0 B. Adapter FEX extends the fabric into the hypervisor.\par
C. Adapter FEX extends the fabric down to the FEX port.\par
D. Adapter FEX extends the fabric down to the VM.\par
\par
124 - VM\par
What is the maximum number of ports on a VMware \cf2 vCenter Distributed Virtual Switch DVS\cf0 ?\par
A. 64\par
B. 128\par
C. 1024\par
\cf2 D. 4096\par
\cf0 E. 8192\par
\par
129 - VM\par
You are configuring integration between the Cisco UCS Manager and the VMware \cf2 vCenter\cf0\par
Server Appliance. Which three actions must you perform from the Cisco Configure VMware\par
Integration Wizard? (Choose three.)\par
\cf2 A. Define the virtual machine \b port profile \b0 in the Cisco UCS Manager for virtual machine traffic.\par
B. Install and register the Cisco UCS Manager extension as a plug-in in the VMware vCenter.\par
\cf0 C. Install and register the VMware VM Console plug-in in the Cisco UCS Manager.\par
\cf2 D. Apply a \b port profile (port group)\b0  to the virtual machines on the VMware vCenter server.\par
\cf0 E. Apply the Firewall Services Module UCS service profile to Cisco UCS B-Series Blade Server.\par
F. Apply a fabric profile to both Cisco Fabric Interconnect uplink ports.\par
\par
130 - VM\par
Cisco UCS Manager has deleted the \cf2 VM object \cf0 from its database, yet it still exists in\par
\cf2 vCenter\cf0 . For which two reasons is the object removed from the Cisco UCS Manager\par
database? (Choose two.)\par
A. The VM last passed traffic more than 5 minutes ago.\par
B. The VM is misconfigured.\par
\cf2 C. The VM has been offline for more than 15 minutes.\par
\cf0 D. vCenter is offline.\par
E. The VN link policy has been set for auto-deletion during a vMotion event.\par
\cf2 F. The link between the fabric interconnect and IOM is offline.\par
\cf0 G. The object was deleted in the Cisco UCS Manager, which also deletes it from vCenter.\par
H. The VM traffic is being sent to a SPAN\par
\par
135 - VM-FEX\par
Which two of the listed \cf2 BIOS \cf0 options are required for \cf2 VM-FEX \cf0 in \cf2 high performance mode\cf0 ?\par
(Choose two.)\par
A. RSS\par
B. interrupt coherency\par
\cf2 C. virtualization technology\par
\cf0 D. cache validation\par
\cf2 E. ATS support\par
\cf0\par
\b 143 - VM-FEX\par
Which three components perform the \cf2 port extension \cf0 functions for a Cisco UCS domain?\par
(Choose three.)\par
A. the multiprotocol port on the Cisco storage\par
\b0 B. the Device Manager in Cisco Prime Data Center Network Manager\par
\cf2\b C. the Cisco UCS 2208XP IOMs\cf0\par
\cf2 D. the Cisco UCS Manager\par
\cf0\b0 E. the Cisco Nexus 2232PP FEX\par
\cf2\b F. the Cisco UCS VIC adapter that has VM-FEX and Adapter FEX technology\par
{\cf0\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/vm_fex/vmware/gui/config_guide/b_GUI_VMware_VM-FEX_UCSM_Configuration_Guide/b_GUI_VMware_VM-FEX_UCSM_Configuration_Guide_chapter_01.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/sw/vm_fex/vmware/gui/config_guide/b_GUI_VMware_VM-FEX_UCSM_Configuration_Guide/b_GUI_VMware_VM-FEX_UCSM_Configuration_Guide_chapter_01.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf0\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
152 - VM-FEX\par
Which two options are valid modes for \cf2 VM-FEX \cf0 in a Cisco UCS Manager \cf2 port profile\cf0 ?\par
(Choose two.)\par
A. transparent\par
B. bypass\par
\cf2 C. standard\par
\cf0 D. advanced\par
\cf2 E. high-performance\par
\cf0 F. low-pass\par
\par
\b 153 - VM-FEX\par
Which two VMware features must be turned off in the data center cluster for Cisco VM-FEX\par
\cf2 universal passthrough \cf0 to operate? (Choose two.)\par
\cf2\b0 A. VMCI\par
\cf0 B. DRS\par
\cf2 C. FT\par
\cf0 D. HA\par
E. vMotion\par
\par
158 - VM-FEX\par
Which network driver is required on a VMware ESXi 5.0 host for a vNIC to enter Cisco VM-FEX \cf2 universal passthrough mode\cf0 ?\par
\cf2 A. VMXNET3\par
\cf0 B. Vlance\par
C. Flexible\par
D. E1000e\par
E. VMXNET5\par
\par
\b 161 - VM-FEX\par
Which two statements about Cisco \cf2 VM-FEX dynamic vNIC \cf0 configuration and provisioning\par
by using the Cisco UCS Manager are true? (Choose two.)\par
\b0 A. Dynamic vNIC parameters are configured by using SNMP.\par
B. Dynamic vNIC parameters must be configured manually before the virtual machine connects to its port group.\par
\cf2\b C. Dynamic vNIC parameters are configured dynamically after the assigned virtual machine connects to the port group.\par
\cf0 D. Dynamic vNIC parameters are enabled by using the Fibre Channel Forwarder protocol.\par
\cf2 E. Dynamic vNIC parameters are configured by inheriting the port-group parameters of the associated virtual machines.\par
\cf0\b0\par
\b 167 - VM\par
Which VMware ESXi 5.0 CLI command will validate \cf2 PassThru \cf0 interfaces when they are\par
available?\par
\cf2\b0 A. vem status -v\par
\cf0 B. vempassthru-v\par
C. vemintf -v\par
D. vemifconfig -v\par
E. vempts -v\par
\par
168 - VM-FEX\par
Which \cf2 adapter \cf0 is capable of supporting \cf2 VM-FEX\cf0 ?\par
\cf2 A. VIC 1280\par
\cf0 B. Cisco UCS M61KR-I\par
C. Cisco UCS M72KR\par
D. Cisco UCS M51KR-B\par
\par
\par
\par
\b Scenario\b0\par
("Use UCS knowledge - Adapter errors - using the CLI.")\par
#scope server 1/5\par
  #show adapter detail\par
Q112:  Which server?\par
\cf2 A: 5\par
\cf0 -\par
Q123: Chassis ID?\par
\cf2 A: 1\par
\cf0 -\par
Q149: Current Adapter  connected status?\par
\cf2 A:  Uknown\par
\cf0 -\par
Q151: Current Adapter status?\par
\cf2 A: Operable\par
\cf0\par
\b Scenario \par
\b0 (SNMP, User)\par
In this scenario, you will refer to screenshots about Cisco UCS \cf2 B-Series \cf0 servers and UCS Manager.\par
Q8: Refer to the screenshot in Exhibit 4. Once you enable an SNMP Trap destination, which\par
SNMP Version is required to configure the Inform Trap Type?\par
A: \cf2\b 2c\par
{\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-manager/GUI-User-Guides/System-Monitoring/3-1/b_UCSM_GUI_System_Monitoring_Guide_3_1/b_UCSM_GUI_System_Monitoring_Guide_3_1_chapter_0101.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/ucs-manager/GUI-User-Guides/System-Monitoring/3-1/b_UCSM_GUI_System_Monitoring_Guide_3_1/b_UCSM_GUI_System_Monitoring_Guide_3_1_chapter_0101.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf0\f0\fs22\par
-\par
Q77:  Refer to the screenshot in Exhibit 5. Which of the following user roles allows the permission\par
Clear All Logs?\par
\b0 A. read-only\par
\b B. user\par
\b0 C. operator\par
D. system\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/c/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_Cisco_UCS_C-series_GUI_Configuration_Guide_201/b_Cisco_UCS_C-series_GUI_Configuration_Guide_201_chapter_0111.html#task_10637AC91E1C4F55ABEC112C91AD29EA' }}{\fldrslt{https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/c/sw/gui/config/guide/2-0/b_Cisco_UCS_C-series_GUI_Configuration_Guide_201/b_Cisco_UCS_C-series_GUI_Configuration_Guide_201_chapter_0111.html#task_10637AC91E1C4F55ABEC112C91AD29EA'\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
-\par
\b Q145: Refer to the screenshot in Exhibit 2. Which item is true about \cf2 Boot Order \cf0 in Cisco UCS \cf2 C-Series\cf0  Rack Servers? \par
\cf2\b0 A. Boot order configured in the BIOS will not be reflected in the \b Cisco IMC GUI\b0 . CIMC GUI\par
\cf0 B. Boot options should not be disabled in the BIOS.\par
C. The Boot Order set in the BIOS does not override the Cisco IMC.\par
D. Boot Order should only be configured in the Cisco IMC GUI.\par
-\par
Q164:\par
Refer to the screenshot in Exhibit 3. Which tab would you choose to determine that a user\par
failed to login to \cf2 Cisco IMC\cf0 ? CIMC\par
A. Fault Summary\par
B. System Event Log\par
\cf2 C. CIMC Log\par
\cf0 D. Logging Controls\cf2\par
\cf0\par
\b Scenario \par
\b0 (logs, IPMI, veth pinning-failure)\par
In this scenario, you will refer to screenshots about Cisco UCS \cf2 B-Series \cf0 servers and UCS Manager. (and \cf2 C-Series\cf0 )\par
Q61: Which log would you view to determine which UCS Manager user modified a Service\par
Profile?\par
A. Events\par
\cf2 B. Audit\par
\cf0 C. Syslog\par
D. SEL\par
-\par
\b Q108: Refer to the Exhibit 4 screenshot of the UCS Manager. Which item can only be configured\par
in the \cf2 Storage Cloud\cf0 ?\par
\b0 A. iQN Pools\par
B. Storage FC Clinks\par
C. Port Channels\par
\cf2 D. VSANs\par
\cf0 E. Zoning\par
-\par
\b Q131: Refer to the Exhibit 3 screenshot of UCS Manager. Which two items are required to\par
configure an \cf2 IPMI \cf0 profile? (Choose two.)\par
\b0 A. IPMI Type\par
\cf2 B. User\par
C. Role\par
\cf0 D. Locale\par
E. Administrative State\par
-\line Q173: Refer to the Exhibit 2 screenshot of the \cf2 NX-OS shell CLI \cf0 in UCS Manager. What LAN\par
policy correlates with the line \cf2 pinning server pinning-failure link-down\cf0 ?\par
A. Dynamic vNIC Connection\par
B. Link Protocol\par
C. Flow Control\par
\cf2 D. Network Control\par
\cf0\par
Scenario\par
UCS, FI Failover, UCS Cluster\par
#show cluster state\par
#connect local-mgmt\par
  #cluster lead b\par
Q34: Connect local-mgmt command required?\par
\cf2 A: To allow local mgmt of cluster to be configured.\par
\cf0 -\par
Q45: FI Failover config changes?\line\cf2 A: FI B changes from subordinate to primary\par
\cf0 -\par
Q116: Cluster lead B command:\par
\cf2 A: Cluster will switch Fabric Interconnect B from subordinate to lead or primary\par
\cf0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 